what a year it has been it's all been so
crazy and now that we have a new
administration in place I want to take a
moment to address my fellow Americans
and whatever Canadians happen to wander
in as well I know that some of you are
wondering because I've been asked this a
lot
what is the plan going forward now that
Donald Trump yes thank you give me some
music now that Donald Trump is president
are you going to keep this up or you
continue to make fun of the most
powerful man in the world and the answer
is yeah of course I mean
[Applause]
I've not had it easy for the last eight
years I've been forced to make jokes
about the first lady's vegetable garden
so I am gonna you think I'm not gonna
grab this pumpkin by the guts and shake
it until the seeds pop out
you're damn right I am you know my life
would be a lot easier if I didn't have
to check Donald Trump's Twitter every 14
minutes but I do it for you because it's
my job and I'll add this no matter which
side of the aisle you're on even if you
love Donald trum Heavin if you're a
member of the Trump family deep down
somewhere in your soul you know that
there's something very unusual about the
fact that you voted for a man who used
to sell steaks at the sharper image
there's something strange about the fact
that we have a president who
body-slammed Vince McMahon at
WrestleMania 23 there's something
unorthodox about the fact that we
elected a man who in an effort to reach
out to mexican-americans tweeted a
picture of themselves eating a taco ball
on Cinco de Mayo
that's not usual that's unusual there
are two things I hold sacred when it
comes to this program number one making
kids cry on Halloween that's number one
when a close number two is poking fun at
our leaders when President Bush couldn't
open that door
when this magic moment popped out of
nowhere
delighted us all I was there when
President Obama slipped his skinny hips
into a pair of mom jeans and threw out
the first pitch of the all-star game I
was there calling him at Nancy what I'm
saying is while presidents may come and
go this monologue happens every night
and tonight I rededicate myself to
taking our leaders to task this is my
pledge to you over the next four years i
James lando calrissian Kimmel do
solemnly swear to faithfully satirize
criticized Lampoon and harpoon the
president of the United States I believe
in truth justice in the American Way and
Superman is dead now so there aren't
many of us left you know the old saying
when life gives you lemons make lemonade
well guess what
life just gave us an oranges president
[Music]
let's get together to make some of that
orange drink they used to serve at
birthday parties and McDonald's that is
my pledge to you so help me God
[Applause]
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy